[449718] Lint, add tests and improve logging (#6)
slicelife/fetch-secrets: README.md

# Fetch secrets from AWS Secrets Manager

---

## Usage

> This small binary fetches JSON formatted secrets from AWS Secrets Manager.  It adds the fetched secrets to the `env` for
> an binary that it executes after retrieving the secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This small binary fetches JSON formatted secrets from AWS Secrets Manager.
It exports the fetched secrets to the shell environment in which some binary (that requires said secrets) is then executed.
```

The secrets should be stored in a AWS Secrets Manager secret with a value specified in a flat JSON K:V format.
The Secrets Manager secret name should usually follow the path pattern `$service_name/$env/secrets`.  

`fetch-secrets` will use the IAM role tags to auto-discover the secrets to be fetched.
Any tag keys prefixed with `secrets_` will be matched; the corresponding tag value be a Secrets Manager secret name.  
eg; The tag `secrets_default = myservice/dev/secrets` will load the secrets stored in the secret named `myservice/dev/secrets`. 
You can specify multiple tags, however, the merging order is arbitrary so don't expect precedence.

---

> ## Running

Reviewer: Some instruction on how to install the `fetch-secrets` binary to the user's Docker container might be useful?

```shell
./fetch-secrets mycommand subcommand --my-arg example
```
This will load the variables and exec `mycommand` (with the subcommand and args), making the secret values available as env vars for the `mycommand` application.

###  IAM policy required for `fetch-secrets`

In order to auto-discover secrets, `fetch-secrets` or the container/pod/instance it is running on requires the following IAM policy:  
```terraform

> policy = jsonencode({

Reviewer: Given it's more advantageous to define the IAM policy in HCL (according to [the Terraform docs](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws/aws-iam-policy#refactor-your-policy)) perhaps you should whilst you're at it?

```terraform
resource "aws_iam_policy" "service" {
  name   = local.role_name
  policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.service.json

  tags = {
    secrets_default = "${var.service_name}/${var.short_env}/secrets"
  }
}

data "aws_iam_policy_document" "service" {
  statement {
    actions = ["secretsmanager:GetSecretValue"]
    resources = [
      "arn:aws:secretsmanager:*:${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:secret:${var.service_name}/${var.short_env}/*"
    ]
    effect = "Allow"
  }

  statement {
    actions   = ["iam:ListRoleTags"]
    resources = ["arn:aws:iam::${data.aws_caller_identity.current.account_id}:role/${local.role_name}"]
    effect    = "Allow"
  }

  statement {
    actions   = ["sts:GetCallerIdentity"]
    resources = ["*"]
    effect    = "Allow"
  }
}
```

# Fetch secrets from AWS Secrets Manager

---

## Usage

This small binary fetches JSON formatted secrets from AWS Secrets Manager.

> It exports the fetched secrets to the shell environment in which some binary (that requires said secrets) is then executed.

Reviewer 2: This is slightly incorrect, it does not execute a shell of any kind, the variables are provided during the `execve` syscall, there are no other intermediary processes.

`fetch-secrets` supports the use of an `FS_REGION` env var, which can be configured when applications use different regions
for their secrets.  Note, the application will still use `AWS_REGION` as normal.

---

## Running

```shell
./fetch-secrets mycommand subcommand --my-arg example
```
This will load the variables and exec `mycommand` (with the subcommand and args), making the secret values available as env vars for the `mycommand` application.

To run `fetch-secrets` in a docker container, download the [latest binary release](https://github.com/slicelife/fetch-secrets/releases), update the binary permissions and prepend to your existing app command. eg;
```dockerfile
ADD https://github.com/slicelife/fetch-secrets/releases/download/v0.2.0/fetch-secrets-v0.2.0-linux-amd64 /fetch-secrets
RUN chmod +x /fetch-secrets
CMD ["/fetch-secrets", "/entrypoint.sh"]
```

###  IAM policy required for `fetch-secrets`

In order to auto-discover secrets, `fetch-secrets` or the container/pod/instance it is running on requires the following IAM policy:
```hcl
resource "aws_iam_policy" "service" {
  name   = local.role_name
  policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.service.json

>   tags = {

Reviewer 2: The tags need to be applied to the role not the policy.

```

You can add tags to your role using Terraform.  eg;
```terraform
  tags = {
    secrets_default = "${var.service_name}/${var.short_env}/secrets"
  }
```

---

## Building, testing and linting

Build the binary using:  
```shell
make artifact
```
The resulting binary will be called `fetch-secrets`.

> _NOTE: If you need to compile a linux specific binary run and you're on a mac us:_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: If you need to compile a linux specific binary run and you're on a Mac use:_
```

      }
    ]
  })
```

You can add tags to your role using Terraform.  eg;
```terraform
  tags = {
    secrets_default = "${var.service_name}/${var.short_env}/secrets"
  }
```

---

## Building, testing and linting

Build the binary using:  
```shell
make artifact
```
The resulting binary will be called `fetch-secrets`.

_NOTE: If you need to compile a linux specific binary run and you're on a Mac use:_
```shell
GOOS=linux go build
```

Test the code using:
```shell
make test
```

Lint the code using:
```shell
make lint
```

---

## Troubleshooting

`fetch-secrets` uses JSON logging throughout.  The logging should indicate, the role determined, the tag keys and values as well as the secret-names to fetch values for.  
If logs are unavailable, the following exit-codes should be helpful in indicating where the issue might be:

> | Exit Code | Description                             |

Reviewer 2: If we're documenting these here it would probably make sense for them to be variables/types instead of literals in the code.
